spruce up features (lineage, catalog, diff, alerts) (#48)
datafold/datafold-docs: docs/overview.mdx

<table >
 <tr>

>     <td>Get the row-level impact of changes you're making to your dbt models within your workflow – all without needing to write any SQL tests.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>Get the row-level impact of changes made to dbt models within your workflow – all without needing to write any SQL tests.</td>
```

Reviewer: this flows a little better in my head
